[Music]
this is the prototype discovery 54 and
southerly 540 it's based on the existing
southerly hull the discovery yachts
brought the tooling and IP for just
earlier this year a number of changes
will be made for the full production
models to hone the efficiency and
ergonomics both of the cockpit and deck
layouts and also inside below decks
changes are going to include a bit more
Headroom in the pilothouse smaller
mullions on the windows and lots of
detailed changes that improve the
quality of the fits out and the
attention to detail the kind of things
that make it a big difference to life on
board there's a three cabinet layout
which the owners suites aft and this is
the smaller guest cabin Ndebele both the
lifting keel
southerly version and the fixed keel
discovery mobile have the twin head sail
setup but that is used in all of the
other discovery
models with a big Genoa on the outer
head stay and a smaller self tacking jib
on the inner head stay it make makes
makes for a very flexible and yet
efficient
set up that minimizes sale changes but
works over a wide range of wind speeds
and wind angles
[Music]